# Mini-project #6 - Blackjack

Implemented the game logic for a simple version of the game, Blackjack, in CodeSkulptor, a browser-based Python interpreter, as part of the coursework. To play the game go [here](http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user46_dWgQVr8Y6Y_13.py) and press the play button on the top left corner. A window will pop up, starting a new game. You can then use Deal button to restart the game or use Hit or Stand buttons to play the current game against the computer.

Mini-project overview taken from course page can be found below:
* Blackjack is a simple, popular card game that is played in many casinos. Cards in Blackjack have the following values: an ace may be valued as either 1 or 11 (player's choice), face cards (kings, queens and jacks) are valued at 10 and the value of the remaining cards corresponds to their number. During a round of Blackjack, the players plays against a dealer with the goal of building a hand (a collection of cards) whose cards have a total value that is higher than the value of the dealer's hand, but not over 21. (A round of Blackjack is also sometimes referred to as a hand.)

* The game logic for our simplified version of Blackjack is as follows. The player and the dealer are each dealt two cards initially with one of the dealer's cards being dealt faced down (his hole card). The player may then ask for the dealer to repeatedly "hit" his hand by dealing him another card. If, at any point, the value of the player's hand exceeds 21, the player is "busted" and loses immediately. At any point prior to busting, the player may "stand" and the dealer will then hit his hand until the value of his hand is 17 or more. (For the dealer, aces count as 11 unless it causes the dealer's hand to bust). If the dealer busts, the player wins. Otherwise, the player and dealer then compare the values of their hands and the hand with the higher value wins. The dealer wins ties in our version.

Complete Mini-Project Description can be found at: <https://www.coursera.org/learn/interactive-python-2/supplement/IUpaS/mini-project-description>