# Mini-project #7 - Spaceship

Implemented a simple version of the classic arcade game Asteroids in CodeSkulptor, a browser-based Python interpreter, as part of the coursework. To play the game go [here](http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user46_dC7ba6vMF6_12.py) and press the play button on the top left corner. This mini-project only implements features to control the spaceship, fire missiles and spawn one rock. The next mini-project completes the game to allow for rock explosion and animations with space ship missiles, update the lives that the player has after collision with the rocks, spawn numerous rocks and other minor features.

Mini-project overview taken from course page can be found below:
* In our last two mini-projects, we will build a 2D space game RiceRocks that is inspired by the classic arcade game Asteroids (1979). Asteroids is a relatively simple game by today's standards, but was still immensely popular during its time. In the game, the player controls a spaceship via four buttons: two buttons that rotate the spaceship clockwise or counter clockwise (independent of its current velocity), a thrust button that accelerates the ship in its forward direction and a fire button that shoots missiles. Large asteroids spawn randomly on the screen with random velocities.The player's goal is to destroy these asteroids before they strike the player's ship. In the arcade version, a large rock hit by a missile split into several fast moving small asteroids that themselves must be destroyed. Occasionally, a flying saucer also crosses the screen and attempts to destroy the player's spaceship. Searching for "asteroids arcade" yields links to multiple versions of Asteroids that are available on the web (including an updated version by Atari, the original creator of Asteroids).

Complete Mini-Project Description can be found at: <https://www.coursera.org/learn/interactive-python-2/supplement/2ZVsF/mini-project-description>